This is a special, one-volume collection of the Emi Lost & Found series books: Lost and Found, Time Stands Still and Never Look Back. This collection also contains two bonus short stories, based on the series.EMI LOST & FOUND seriesLOST AND FOUND (book one) - When artist Nate Wilson falls in love, he falls hard. The problem is, he’s only been in love once, and the girl of his affections is his best friend, Emi Hennigan. In high school, the two bonded over painful breakups, and swore off a relationship to save their friendship. Thirteen years later, Nate has had more than his share of emotionally-unfulfilling, sexual relationships with beautiful women to distract himself from his true romantic feelings. When a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity takes Nate away from his friend and his comfortable lifestyle, he is forced to reflect on the distinct void that Emi’s absence leaves in his life. To Nate’s surprise, Emi has a similar experience; but as the friends embark upon their journey toward happiness together, destiny reveals other plans for Emi.TIME STANDS STILL (book two) - Depression threatens all the relationships in Emi Hennigan’s life after a near death experience leaves her injured and feeling alone in a world she barely recognizes. On a night that is supposed to signify a new beginning in her life, she loses everything she loves.It’s on that very same night, though, that Emi has a chance meeting with a man from her past who has the power to bring her more happiness than she’s ever known. Jack Holland is on a mission to rescue Emi from the pain that’s been consuming her, but his patience is tested as Emi holds on to the memory of the only man she’s ever truly loved.NEVER LOOK BACK (book three) - Jack Holland finally has everything a man could want. After a lengthy courtship that has required persistence and self-restraint, Emi Hennigan– the woman Jack has been fantasizing about since college– has fallen in love with him. Together, the couple sets out to create their own happily-ever-after.It’s only when Emi delivers some unwelcome news that Jack begins to question everything about the woman he loves. It will take a considerable amount of understanding and sacrifice for Jack to accept the future Emi can offer him– a future he never imagined for himself.SHORT STORIESLOVE, LOSTTen years after his first encounter with the woman of his dreams, Jack espies Emi across a hotel lobby and reflects upon the missed opportunity of the one night they had together in college. In an effort to redeem himself, he attempts to rekindle the flame that had been ignited between them. Just as the two share a moment that leaves them both breathless, Emi's reality catches up to her. IN THE MIND OF A DYING MANIn the last moments of his life, a man cherishes all the moments he had with the woman he loves.