Love is war when shadows play games with the heart. In this thrilling romance from the USA Today bestselling author of Stone Walls and Glass Ceilings, a decorated veteran facing the darkest battlefield finds a guiding light to trust and tenderness.A real hero can protect and serve, but a true hero knows how to love.David Cavello is no longer in uniform, but the memories of combat still haunt his every waking moment. Driven to protect and serve, he accepts an undercover job he has to keep hidden from everyone. But David’s mission goes against orders the second he makes contact with gorgeous and spirited Maygen Whitney. The intense attraction he feels for Maygen drives him crazy—almost as crazy as he feels about hiding information from her. After growing up with an overprotective father, Maygen feels like she’s finally claiming her independence. Sure, she’s been lonely, but David seems to make all her dreams come deliciously true—until the sting of betrayal sends her world spiraling. Now Maygen’s caught in a tragic web of lies, leaving her more vulnerable than ever to an enemy hidden in the shadows. But when Maygen most needs a hero, David leaps into action—intent on doing whatever it takes to save the woman he loves.Praise for Dark Corners:“Just when you think you know where Madden is going with the story, it zigs when you think it's going to zag. A great mix of suspense and romance. David and Maygen are the perfect couple.”—New York Times bestselling author Susan Stoker“Dark Corners is a total sizzlefest—a hot-as-hell brooding hero mixed with a smart feisty heroine, and a rollercoaster ride of suspense! A great read!”—Delancey Stewart, author of Right Here, Right Now“The unique style of A. M. Madden had me turning page after page in yet another amazing read. With the suspense, the steam, and the twists, this book is one you truly can’t put down. Dark Corners is a must-read for anyone who loves a balance of suspense with their romance.”—USA Today bestselling author Chelsea Camaron“Dark Corners is an intriguing book that deals with so many different emotions, and situations, making it one of those gripping reads that is hard to put down. I loved it and know you will as well. This is a five-star read for me.”—Books & Boys Book Blog“I would recommend Dark Corners by A. M. Madden, if you enjoy romantic suspense or the sexy protector trope.”—Harlequin Junkie“I have enjoyed this series and I cannot wait for the next book.”—Nadine’s Obsessed with Books“Dark Corners is an emotional contemporary romance with a side of suspense added in for flavor. The story is real and relatable. It’s emotional and confusing just like real life.”—TJ Loves Books“Although fast-paced, Dark Corners never felt rushed. Everything was played out to perfection. A. M.’s writing is addictive, her story perfectly balanced. Dark Corners is now my favourite of the whole Everyday Heroes series and my fave book of A. M. Madden’s!”—Bookalicious Babes Blog (Five Bookalicious Kisses)“Damn. She went and did it, again. . . . My favorite in the series, so far.”—iScream Books (Five Stars)“Great writing and complex characters with intense chemistry explode off the pages. Thanks for the great read!”—It’s About The Book