Books 1-3 of the Fallen Star Series.In Book One, The Fallen Star, eighteen year-old Gemma's life has never been normal. Up until recently, she has been incapable of feeling emotion. And when she’s around Alex, the gorgeous new guy at school, she can feel electricity that makes her skin buzz. Not to mention the monsters that haunt her nightmares have crossed over into real-life.But with Alex seeming to hate her and secrets popping up everywhere, Gemma’s life is turning into a chaotic mess. Things that shouldn’t be real suddenly seem to exist. And as her world falls apart, figuring out the secrets of her past becomes a matter of life and death.In Book Two, The Underworld, Gemma thought her mind was gone, but she was wrong. And now she is left trying to figure out the truth to what Stephan is planning to do with her and the star, before it’s too late.But finding out the truth is hard, especially since Gemma doesn’t know who she can trust. There may be only one person who Gemma can turn to for answers, but that means having to go to the one place no one wants to go—The Underworld.In Book Three, The Vision, Gemma thought she was trapped—that Stephan had finally won. But then time resets and she’s given another chance.The clock is ticking as Gemma tries to figure out how to change the vision that ends the world in ice. If she can, then maybe she can save the world from Stephan and give her and Alex a chance at a real future. But changing visions can be dangerous, and sometimes one small mistake can lead to disastrous results.BookWhisperer's review—May 22, 20115 out of 5 stars"This is definitely a book to be recommended."Katina Hernandez’s (Tigris Eden) review—May 2, 20115 out 5 stars“There are so many twists and turns in the story and the ending will leave you wanting more. Sorensen wrote a dark and intriguing book.”Book Passion for Life’s review—June 23, 2011“Overall, this is a fantastic debut novel. Jessica has done a great job and I’m dying to get my hands on the next book.”Books of the Fallen Star SeriesBook 1: The Fallen StarBook 2: Th UnderworldBook 3: The VisionBook 4: The Promise (NOW AVAILABLE)