The saga introduction, MASTERS AT ARMS, begins the journey of three men, each on a quest for honor, acceptance, and to ease his unspoken pain. Their paths cross at one of the darkest points in their lives. As they try to come to terms with the aftermath--forging an unbreakable bond--will they ever truly become masters of their own fates? Or would fate become master of them? NOBODY'S ANGEL (Rescue Me Saga #1): Marc d’Alessio might own a BDSM club with his fellow military veterans, Adam and Damián, but he keeps all women at a distance. When Marc rescues Angelina Giardano from a disastrous first BDSM experience at his club, however, an uncharacteristic attraction leaves him torn between his safe, but lonely world, and a possible future with his angel. Angelina leaves BDSM behind only to have her dreams plagued by the Italian angel in a wolf mask who rescued her. When she meets Marc at a bar in her hometown, she can’t shake the feeling she knows him, but has no idea why he reminds her of her angel. But Marc’s search-and-rescue partner, widower Luke Denton, believes Angelina is the angel his wife promised to send him, convincing Marc she’s meant for Luke. While trying to protect Angelina from her abusive ex, though, Marc once again finds her at the Masters at Arms Club where she turns his safe, controlled world upside down. Books in the Rescue Me Saga should be read in order because characters will continue to work on relationship issues even after their happy ending.ABOUT THE RESCUE ME The books in the ongoing Rescue Me Saga are not stand-alone stories and should be read in order, beginning with the books in this volume. (The introduction, MASTERS AT ARMS, also is available as a separate, free download at this site.) Characters will recur in later books to deal with further issues in their lives as the saga continues and each book builds upon all previous ones. Sometimes main characters even need another book to help resolve major issues affecting their relationships.BONUS MATERIAL in this Kallypso Masters has added the PLAYLIST of music that inspired her as she wrote about the first three couples mentioned in this combined volume, as well as a GLOSSARY OF TERMS and a CAST OF CHARACTERS in these books in the saga. CONTENT These books are intended for mature adult readers who are not offended by profanity and graphic (but never gratuitous!) sex scenes. Due to the emotional way in which the author presents the subject matter in the characters’ lives (past and present), the books might cause triggers while reading. Please click the preview to read the Author's Notes at the beginnings of each book before reading.