After barely surviving a bad divorce, Aine had not had a boyfriend— or sex, for that matter— for quite some time. She was fine with that. But when an unexpected dire circumstance is thrown at her, her life diverges onto a different course than the careful one she had planned, one that included her career— and that’s about it. After all, work is safe. No chance of heartbreak there.But now forced to brainstorm for a way to help her mother pay for expensive cancer treatment, she is willing to compromise her values and do anything it takes to make sure her mother gets the fighting chance she deserves. Aine recalls having heard about a local BDSM club opening up and how the Dom’s are willing to shell out the big bucks for a pretty and willing Sub. She rashly thinks this might just be the answer to her dilemma. But when she musters up the courage to go there, she is a little more than freaked out by what she sees and wonders what the hell she was thinking going to a place like that. Aine is about to leave when suddenly she sees him and is instantly captivated. When she meets the tall, dark and handsome Locke Sterling, she is immediately drawn to him and finds she can’t seem to say no to him. Aine doesn't want to be attracted to the enigmatic and overprotective Locke, and yet she can't control the overwhelming desire that he stirs in her— a desire quite unlike anything she has felt before. She knows that her heart will never survive him and her instinct is telling her to run, but Locke is not willing to let her go. He wants her and is determined to have her and will do whatever it takes to assure that he does.THE SENSUALLY EROTIC 'MASTER OF INTRIGUE' SERIES:PERSUASION, Vol. I NOW AVAILABLE on AMAZON!SEDUCTION, Vol. II NOW AVAILABLE on AMAZON!SUBMISSION, Vol. III Coming February 2015POSSESSION, Vol. IV Coming April 2015INFATUATION, Volume V Coming June 2015ADORATION, Volume VI Coming August 2015PASSION, Volume VII Coming October 2015DEVOTION, Volume VIII Coming December 2015