A Novel of Alternate Earth “Get over my knee. You’re my slave, and if you don’t behave, I’ll punish you. If you’re good, I’ll treat you like a treasure.” Ned has left England for the kingdom of Gredoria. Maybe he’ll find himself a new toy to play with since slavery is spreading in certain locations. Restraints, whips, canes, degradation, denial, and total domination over whoever is in his bed never gets old, and it’s been a while since he’s had a slave to satisfy his twisted desires. Rowan’s Wrakarian Mother has been dead for years, and his white Father hates him. He’s thought about leaving the village behind but never planned on being snatched by slavers. He certainly never imagined that anyone like Ned existed. Rowan knows his fantasies of pain, degradation, and submission aren’t the norm. Worse, he shouldn’t be enjoying anything that Ned does to him. He’s sure this grey-eyed man isn’t even human and uses his powers to twist the minds of others. Rowan won’t admit that he likes his dirty fantasies made true, and he’s certainly not willing to entirely give himself over to such a monster. After all, Ned’s lying and can’t really care for his slave, right? If he did, he wouldn’t have bought one in the first place. Ned knows exactly what his new slave needs despite the denial and bratty attitude. Rowan will learn to submit and obey because if he doesn’t, it’s not just his life that will be more difficult. Ned needs him for more than just housekeeping and kinky pleasure. There’s a reason the Native Gramoan tribes haven’t attempted to save their own caught in the web of slavery, and the desire for submission isn’t Rowan’s only secret. If he can open up and be true to himself, not only will he have the chance to help someone in need, but he’ll also find freedom. This is a full-length, enemies-to-lovers, paranormal, M/M romance novel. It contains steam, dubcon, Master/slave, half-god/human, forced proximity, age gap, bondage, humiliation, kinks, a bratty slave who has trouble keeping his mouth shut, and a Master with a soft spot for such brats. It is intended for mature readers only.